I have successfully completed a couple of projects as a Full Stack Python developer, specifically on AWS.  More specifically, developing APIs in Python on AWS Lambda and AWS API Gateway.  These projects used various backend databases, including DynamoDB and Postgres hosted on AWS RDS.  These projects used Microservices architectures via AWS Lambda.  One project was a medical project, using a mixture of Python and Nodejs.  Another project was an educational software project that used Python Flask with Blueprint and Flask Migrations and SQL Alchemy.  There was heavy reliance on the database migrations aspects of the project connecting to a Postgres backend on AWS.  I have done production Flask development for several years while working at these companies during my career as a Python developer: 1) Rackspace, 2) Accenture, 3) Verizon Cloud Platform.  I have some pretty extensive Python experience, and my main goal is to be a successful Python developer, with the flexibility to work from home. And that is why I am seeking work on Upwork, because this platform allows me to do just that.  I'm a hard worker and will go above and beyond to get the work done on time and in a quality manner that either meets or exceeds expectations.  I have a quality process that I usually follow that includes writing unittests for my code to ensure it is functioning properly. AWS Lambda provides a built-in intergration testing tool, which I also use.  I also ensure that my APIs are CORS-friendly from the start of development from the API Gateway configuration standpoint and internally in the APIs, because Postman, which I use for testing and exercising my endpoints, uses an internal proxy that automatically makes APIs cores-friendly by appending the cors headers to every request. Frontend developers running code in a browser will still get blocked by CORS unless the API is properly written and configured from the beginning. Curl is another way that I test my endpoints on AWS Lambda.  I have also deployed Python APIs on Elastic Beanstalk EC2, but lately a lot the jobs and work have migrated to Lambdas.  I would like to work on this project. Contact me if you think I might be a good fit.  Thank you.